History OF Present Illness:

patient is a 56 year old male.
dos 9/19/23 wc fup left pinky laceration. patient reports he has been cleaning wound with witchhazel. no redness or discharge. no warmth or fever. still reports pain to the area. is working light duty without difficulty. tetanus is not utd.
dos 9/12/23 new work injury 56yo m presents with a crush injury to the left pinky finger that began while at work on 9/12/23. he states that it was crushed between a heavy door. reports significant pain. rom intact. unknown tetanus status. no active bleeding.

AssessmentAndPlan:
 56 yo m with crush injury with laceration to the left pinky finger that occurred at work on 9/12/23. unknown tetanus status.xr negative for fracture. laceration repaired with 6 sutures.
9/19/23- 2 sutures removed. no cellulitis. tetanus updated today. plan: sutures out in 6 days.
wound care: keep the wound dry for 48 hours. do not immerse the wound in any body of water until after it has completely healed, this includes dish water, bath tub, pool/spa, river, etc. change dressing daily and if the dressing gets wet or dirty. after 48 hours, you may shower as usual, washing the wound with antibacterial soap and warm water. do not use any hydrogen peroxide at all.
wound dressing: change dressing daily and if it becomes wet or dirty. apply a thin layer of bacitracin every other day to the wound. cover the wound with a nonstick bandage and secure with tape or coban. keep the wound covered while doing anything that could get the wound dirty. these dressing materials may be purchased at any pharmacy.
continue medication as prescribed,. light duty.
follow up in 6 days for suture removal.

Vitals:
 pain scale was 4 out of 10. weight: 220.00 lbs. temperature: 97.10 f. pulse: 69 per min. pulse rhythm regular: yes respiration: 18 breaths per min. bp systolic: 112 mm hg. bp diastolic: 66 mmhg.

Orders:

wound dressing patient is here for dressing of his wound which is in his left pinky. it was dressed with a sterile dressing. complications - no .
*tetanus vaccine tests:
completed: yes.
suture removal / wound
suture removal/wound: the procedure performed was suture removal. a total of 2 sutures were removed by alyssa poland pac. sterile dressings were applied.

Radiology Ordered:
None
E&M_Time_Factor:
None
